com/example/kapona30/database/ConsoDao.java
 com.example.kapona30.database.ConsoDao
com/example/kapona30/historique/HistoriqueFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.historique.HistoriqueFragment
com/example/kapona30/DialogConso.java
 com.example.kapona30.DialogConso
com/example/kapona30/favoris/FavorisFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.favoris.FavorisFragment
com/example/kapona30/liste/AdapterListe.java
 com.example.kapona30.liste.AdapterListe
com/example/kapona30/conso/ConsoMoisFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsoMoisFragment
com/example/kapona30/API/Product.java
 com.example.kapona30.API.Product
com/example/kapona30/conso/ConsoProdFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsoProdFragment
com/example/kapona30/API/JSONPlaceHolderApi.java
 com.example.kapona30.API.JSONPlaceHolderApi
com/example/kapona30/historique/AdapterHistorique.java
 com.example.kapona30.historique.AdapterHistorique
com/example/kapona30/ActivityProduit.java
 com.example.kapona30.ActivityProduit
 com.example.kapona30.ActivityProduit$1
com/example/kapona30/favoris/AdapterFavoris.java
 com.example.kapona30.favoris.AdapterFavoris
com/example/kapona30/database/RoomDB.java
 com.example.kapona30.database.RoomDB
com/example/kapona30/conso/ConsommationFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsommationFragment
com/example/kapona30/ScanFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.ScanFragment
com/example/kapona30/MainActivity.java
 com.example.kapona30.MainActivity
 com.example.kapona30.MainActivity$1
com/example/kapona30/liste/ListeFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.liste.ListeFragment
com/example/kapona30/API/NutrimentsData.java
 com.example.kapona30.API.NutrimentsData
com/example/kapona30/API/ProductData.java
 com.example.kapona30.API.ProductData
com/example/kapona30/conso/ConsoSemaineFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsoSemaineFragment
com/example/kapona30/CaptureAct.java
 com.example.kapona30.CaptureAct
com/example/kapona30/database/ConsoData.java
 com.example.kapona30.database.ConsoData
com/example/kapona30/conso/ConsoJourFragment.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsoJourFragment
 com.example.kapona30.conso.ConsoJourFragment$1
com/example/kapona30/Allergenes.java
 com.example.kapona30.Allergenes
com/example/kapona30/conso/MainAdapter.java
 com.example.kapona30.conso.MainAdapter
 com.example.kapona30.conso.MainAdapter$1
 com.example.kapona30.conso.MainAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kapona30/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kapona30.BuildConfig
